Change cheatsheet to clarify some alpaka structures (#2241)
alpaka-group/alpaka: docs/source/basic/library.rst

The memory allocation function of the *alpaka* library (``alpaka::allocBuf<TElem>(device, extents)``) is uniform for all devices, even for the host device.
It does not return raw pointers but reference counted memory buffer objects that remove the necessity for manual freeing and the possibility of memory leaks.

> Additionally the memory buffer objects know their extents, their pitches (space allocated in including the padding) as well as the device they reside on.

Reviewer: This is not correct. The pitches are strides. They are the number of elements to skip to reach the next element/row/slice, etc.
The mental model for accessing a multidimensional buffer/array is: `*(ptr + dot_product(index, pitches))`.

Author: Yes, with data+padding it makes a stride. I should have written explicitly.

Author: "due to padding, allocated number of bytes may be more than the data, the pitch value gives the correct stride for row-major access"

> Additionally the memory buffer objects know their extents, their pitches (due to padding, allocated number of bytes may be more than the data; the pitch value gives the correct stride for row-major access) as well as the device they reside on.

Reviewer: I would reword into two sentences:
```suggestion
Additionally, the memory buffer objects know their extents, their pitches as well as the device they reside on.
Due to padding, the allocated number of bytes may be more than the required storage; the pitch value gives the correct stride for each dimension for row-major access.
```
